-----How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

looks like with git reset hard I erased some of my earlier changes to this Id not committed ! :()

can use git diff to compare staging area to the working directory, and then use git diff --staged
to compare the staging area and the repository,
and so have a good idea of what I want to commit makes sense
and is a logical commit, ie isn't too big and groups one type of change together etc


------What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

when I want to try something different that makes sense, like a spanish language version, or perhaps
change the data set to try something different, but not entirely sure how different it would be to be a branch!


----How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

the word branch does bring up the image of a tree, in this case there is a main "master" trunk,
and potentially alot of other branches. it was interesting to hear how people use
branches, ie so different people can work on different issues, so different issues can be separate
from one another, ie a bug fix versus a new feature, and that they also can be used just
to allow variety if as a user you get sick of working on a particular thing. it goes well with the idea
of commits that help you keep your changes up to date and have you think about what changes you
are making and whether or not you want to make them. but also allowing for dead ends, or just
fickleness in what you feel like working on.

---What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

the merger leads to a complete picture with all the changes in both branches. it also
creates the issue of having to find the parent of a commit to see what the changes are
to that commit, since otherwise that commit can include alot of stuff now reflecting changes
made in the merged branch. so git show is used instead of git diff, so that the differences
only reflect that commits parent.
